echo windows--md--is---executable bug-250505
exit

***



stars-250421.f8.md


   #   ** ah,yes,because before:  [19 Jul 2014] Updated Debian 6.0: 6.0.10 released


***
### maybe todo write '#####': similar meaning to '***' in my notes
### maybe todo write '####': similar meaning to '****' in my notes
### maybe todo write '###': similar meaning to '*****' in my notes
### maybe todo write '## ###': similar meaning to '*****.*' in my notes
### maybe todo write '# ###': similar meaning to '*****.**' in my notes



*********THIS
5200


EDIT: only then I realized, I should have probably simply do a reset of UEFI settings.







**** https://github.com/paulirish/devtools-addons/wiki/Snippets#grepjs








aaaaA
****.*

HORROR

code .\powershell-f8\stackoverflow-676714165--powershell-stripping-double-quotes-from-command-line-arguments.f8.ps1



*******************************
j7
after months of unrewarding work and learning some parts of JavaScript: BigSymbolKeyboard  version  0.6.0 is the first usable version. https://codepen.io/martin_m_n_novy/full/vqjOLv

9j7
**************
ASemtog_F700-collect-texts-CRLF.txt
George Sutton With Bliss Symbols, the leftmost symbol in a compound symbol is the thing, and the symbols to the right are the additional information about "animal.
******************
I will try to collect almost all ASEMTOG_F700 text in one plain text file;
copy + paste text not images;
for the start I can retype what  you typed yesterday
οΔÖwindow οΓ≤crown
οΓΑhand οΘ¹mountain
...
οΘΗ οüÄ ο†‰ οΔÖ ο†àοüΜ ο†ê οûÄ
οΓ‰οΓ¹ οΘ™ο€Α ο€Αο€²
οΓÄοΓ¹ οΘ™ο€Α ο€Αο€²
 οù®οùΘ
ο€®οùΘ
οùΔο€§ 
so far I have written only this:
 and you can copy + paste texts from here to my app, e.g.

j7
***********
font installed.txt
ve win klik na na .ttf se spustil acdsee nebo co
Martin Novy then please restart the browser
***********

j7o
***********
combining
http://www.blissym.com/blisscii/index.html
A blissymbol is made up of many elements and base characters, much as words are made up of letters. Unlike conventional characters, the elements are non-spacing. This is to allow the combining of elements to form complex blissymbols. Spacing is provided by the base characters. This scheme allows for huge flexibility in permitting the design and use of new blissymbols with a very small character set.

https://www.diigo.com/user/martin12333?query=messenger
George Sutton
...
What I do is set the "advance width" of all characters except "p" "[" and "]" to zero. So essentially you keep typing onto the same spot until you use "p" "[" "]" or the space bar. The spacebar provides the full space between blisswords, the "p" "[" "]" provides half space, quarter space or eighth space within symbols
eith
Well I I'm not sure how diacritics work, but it sounds similar. 

*****************************
*************************


171,1: #******************




# hp
*No.*

*I do not accept this.*

*There isn't any reason to accept it, not when there's magic in the
world.*

Harry would learn whatever he had to learn, invent whatever he had to
invent, rip the knowledge of Salazar Slytherin from the Dark Lord's
mind, discover the secret of Atlantis, open any gates or break any seals
necessary, find his way to the root of all magic and reprogram it.

He would rip apart the foundations of reality itself to get Hermione
Granger back.

* * * * *


 ***the story will continue to Ch. 121.***




I am behind you
I always find you
I am the tiger
People who fear me
Never come near me
I am the tiger
And if I meet you
*** What if I eat you?
I am the tiger




 pig, phantasia, pom, ppt, primes, quiz, random, rain, ***robots***, rot13,


